1.	Viewer configuration has been taken out of the file menu and has been moved to the “Configuration” menu section.
2.	Open Project File chooser behavior has been changed in Pirin’s edition. Instead of opening a network project file now user can open the project by directly selection a network project folder. Network project folders are marked in the File open dialog by the following icon  .
3.	Open Graph chooser behavior has been changed in Pirin. Instead of opening a undirected.xmls file now user can open the project by directly selection a network state version folder.
4.	“Discoverers” menu item has been renamed to “Discover”.
5.	SNMP network discoverer has been renamed to “IP network Discoverer”.
6.	“BGP peering Network Discovery” has been renamed to “Internet BGP peering”.
7.	“Configure Parameter”, “Configure Resources” and “Configure BGP peering Map” menu items were moved from the discoverers menu to “Configuration”.
8.	Network Models menu section has been added. It allows us to review the discovered Network centric models.
9.	“Layouts” sub menu has been moved out from “Graph tools” to a separate main menu section.
10.	“Node Search” has been moved from “Graph tools” to a “Search” menu.
11.	“Edge Search” has been added to  “Search” menu.
12.	Network Activation has been moved from the main menu to “Configuration/IP network Discovery”
13.	Network centric model has been added. With other words the device centric graph models are merged into a single network centric model. This has a number of advantages.
14.	Post discoverer interface has been added. The post discoverers are components that are triggered after the device has been discovered. Post discoverers aim to obtain additional information from the network. Examples for such one are device configurations, routing tables and others.
15.	Groovy Cisco IOS CLI login automation has been added. It allows us to execute various cisco commands against the device as part of the post Discovery procedure.
16.	In IP network discovery projects the “Graph Data Management” rightClick item has been renamed to “Node Data Management”.  To the same menu has been added a number of rightclicks such as:
a.	Raw-data device model browser
b.	Device xml browser
c.	Graphml device model browser
d.	Graphml editor
e.	Device xml editor
f.	Raw-Data XML Viewer
17.	In IP network discovery a new Cisco Security report has been generated based on the CLI configurations obtained during the post Discovery. The report is checking the device configurations against the statements that will be generated by cisco auto-secure http://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/switches/lan/catalyst6500/ios/12-2SX/configuration/guide/book/autosec.html
18.	Help - A new link to netTransformer support community forum has been added.
